14:25


So So Are you working? I'm not seeing anything. Why am I not seeing anything? You can hear me, but it's not transcribing. Why is he not transcribing? Okay, I think it's working now. Okay, So So we are saying, What is this feature? The feature is the Instagram rewards template. So we want people to Um get rewarded For hashtagging us on Instagram. So we need to be able to interface with Instagram to identify clients that are on the system. Now have an account Please love to drop their hashtag inside their account so that we can map it to their account in Instagram. So we can see, Um, what they've posted about us with our hashtag, Um, within their specified date range. Um, and based on the number of posts they've done. We can award them points So we can sit per week. We can avoid the maximum of 500 points, Um, as long as they've pushed their maximum of three times and have what 100 views All together, you know, then they get 500 points, I'll be A concern. Now, is the integration point with this Instagram, Instagram, because for YouTube together. So, there are two ways. One is to your legal way, which I would not advise, which is to scrape Instagram for the data, but Instagram keeps coming up with better ways to ensure that scraping is almost. Yeah. So let's not worry about security up or the alternative, which is the right way to do it is to get Instagram integration. Yeah. Was approval for me from the on API from the API. So you need to apply with your app. You need to do organisation verification, then app verification. And also uh, this is a climate instead. So So you need to do this all this verification. Yeah, yeah yeah. And I'm saying all that some assets request is not approved which will Instagram basic. I really need that to work, Okay? See if it's not approved, I don't know why. So I need to figure out why But one of them has been approved. Okay, just your verification process, I'm just going company. I bought on. Yeah, to ensure that is a company, that's it. Okay. So I can use it, I'll send the Technologies for that. Yeah. I like, um, verify your domain fight between me by 5-hour garden. Verify the app. I'm gonna try the app, so the websites have to publish the app online. You must be online and they need to see it. Okay? How do you required action? Is And they select the use cases. What do you want to use it for? I just want to get Instagram. Um, okay. 

So you will not address this. Okay? Yes, I'll do this. The use case So that he used gas install. So now you need to But from an implementation point of view, that's in the dashboard, reward section. And those are the features for that particular template of reward. So we can configure it with Those Instagram Campaigns. We can create other campaigns. Based off That one, we can just change the properties for Less views, more views, more points. You know? So as we are launching, now, we can make it very enticing and then reduce the points as we get bigger. Yeah. Um But also What is the value of of trending on Twitter? What does it take to Trend on Twitter? You know because if we are trending on Twitter all the time I mean we were like crazy. Yeah. Who create awareness is real awareness. So fully to turn into some kind of conversion. Okay, Or do you want to build this feature in here? I already have a rewards feature. Yeah. And that here these are templates And they are mostly the same type of template. So, the template says, use template, Use template? Oh, I've just added it. So first order, 10 off exactly the same one. So if I can edit it Description, active Spend threshold. I can now different Sprint, type reward type is either percentage discount percentage, or you can get a fixed discount, free item points. So I say percentage for and this is the First order, Okay? So it applies, they only get it once And if the user points, the validity is 10 days and I can do a date range. So all the other ones apart from that Instagram, and they're all like, they like this. Okay? So it can be for different purposes. You can have multiple There's no limit you know Leave empty for unlimited Rewards that contribute here. So this is a loyalty buenos points give 5000 points. Four dollars about ten thousand Is 500. All of these are automatic as long as you activate them, right? So you're active. How you spend that 500? Or when you spend 20 grand, you probably get the points as well, you know? So it's all compounding. And then on the checkout, I love to do that. I was As you have to tick which ones I want to use if I don't want to use any of them, I leave it black to automatically, apply to my checkout. And then you see, which if you want to apply it, if you want to hold it, you can spend it later on the delivery or, Or take away. So onto the Instagram one now. Okay, I want to add that rule. So in the rewards, I have Templates And then the Loyalty bonus one, okay? I can use the template and then edit it. So, if I have it as you active, 

Instagram. Edit Instagram, active minimum spend. So, he's using the same template, like the other ones Campaign schedule, okay, so just need to update this with the settings. We need For Instagram. So we can connect and also to pick up the Instagram tag from the profile from the user profile. You need to add your Instagram Name or something, so I can use it to match that. Okay. 

Is to claim this post. It's only login with Instagram. So if it's in their profile. Yeah, So yeah. So as part of the rewards, you know when they click so in the rewards section they need to have something. These are the active rewards. This is how they work So you click on it and it gives you more details or if there's enough space in the page. You can tell you right there Um or maybe you click on that one. It tells you add your Instagram tag here To claim your rewards. You know, You probably don't even need to sir, you probably just need to Instagram API.